c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.exe.config
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.exe
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.pdb
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.g.resources
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.exe
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.pdb
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\FolderPicker.g.cs
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\FolderPicker.baml
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\NoPathPage.g.cs
c:\users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\NoPathPage.baml
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\InsertDiskPage.g.cs
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\InsertDiskPage.baml
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\DrivePage.g.cs
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\DrivePage.baml
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\PassengersView.g.cs
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\PassengersView.baml
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\PassengerBox.g.cs
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\PassengerBox.baml
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\ProgressWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\14827\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\ProgressWindow.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.exe.config
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.exe
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.pdb
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.exe
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.pdb
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\ProgressWindow.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\FolderPicker.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\PassengerBox.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\DrivePage.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\InsertDiskPage.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\NoPathPage.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\PassengersView.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\ProgressWindow.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\FolderPicker.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\UserControls\PassengerBox.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\DrivePage.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\InsertDiskPage.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\NoPathPage.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\PassengersView.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsPage.baml
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.g.resources
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
C:\Projects\CERPAlsaceTandem\CERPAlsaceTandem\obj\Debug\CERPAlsaceTandem.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
